Bag help
If your checked bags are delayed, lost, damaged or missing items, we want to make things right. Learn how to
report bag issues and request reimbursement. You can also track your bags in real time with our bag tracker tool
or in the Airline app.

Damaged bags
If you think your bag was damaged during your trip with Airline, you can
report it as damaged.
1 Report issue
You can report a damaged bag by doing one of the following:
Report it at the airport with the Baggage Service Office
Report it via chat or text "BAGS” to 32050
Report it by calling the Baggage Recovery Center at 1-800-335-2247
(International 1-281-821-3526)
After you report the issue, you’ll receive a file reference number that ends in
D (for example: ORD12345D).
If your items were damaged during a security screening, you should
file a written claim with the Transportation Security Administration
(TSA). You can also call the TSA Contact Center at 1-866-289-9673.
Traveler pro tip:
If your bag gets damaged, you may be able to get a
replacement from the Baggage Service Office.
English - US $
Site Feedback
2 Request reimbursement
Standard checked bags
You can submit a reimbursement claim at rynnsluggage.com if you:
1. Reported your damaged bag
2. Didn’t receive a replacement bag
3. Still need a repair, replacement or reimbursement for damage
You’ll need the file reference number you got when you reported your
damaged bag (for example: ORD12345D).
Specialty items
If you reported damage to a specialty item, like sporting equipment, use the
damaged bag claim to request reimbursement.
Damaged bag claim
Bag tracker
Enter your confirmation number and last name to track your bags.
Reporting timeline
Report damaged bags within 24 hours of arrival if you traveled in
the U.S., Guam, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Report damaged bags within 7 days of arrival if you traveled
internationally or returned to the U.S. from abroad.
Reimbursement claim timeline
Submit your claim within 45 days of arrival if you traveled in the
U.S., Guam, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Submit your claim within 21 days of arrival if you traveled
internationally or returned to the U.S. from abroad.
Confirmation number (required) Last name (required)

Copyright © 2025 Airline Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.